not otherwise you're gonna go ahead is
going to get hurt this is bombs this is
why was I ready to go no I thought
sometimes it might understand without
really laughing I don't really want to
have to hold it because it might
struggle now we've got down we've got
featured in it not on the marker just
trying let's go upstairs sold if we
don't want it getting stuck up there
this is why I don't want it I all ready
to catch another problem to control gear
I'll be don't write up so you can
discourage it from drying out there
no you don't want it to go that one
don't like a jobless on get a bit too
volatile london chester niche stick my
son back Alex does exactly to get from
there just hold it nearer original stay
still ah